hello and welcome to bro joule this time
we have moonlight tales werewolf
essentials this is a recreation of the
very popular werewolf overhaul however
as the name suggests it's a scaled-down
version designed for compatibility and
performance in mind we also covered the
original over a year ago but this
version is significantly different
especially with the additional features
that were added over the last year
then my changes a few core aspects of
being a werewolf in Skyrim and nearly
everything can be controlled in a mag
menu one of the core features is the new
skin system this is the feature that
actually changed the appearance of your
characters werewolf form allowing you to
choose from 244 different styles in the
mod menu you can select from one of four
different models and then choose a skin
color and finally an eye collar so you
can really mix and match to get an
appearance as perfect for you the model
saw adds three new abilities for
werewolves the first ability can be
activated using the V key and it's
called hell at the moon the ability uses
fitting animations that come from
Bethesda but were unused in the final
game it'll give you increased senses
giving you the chance to slow down time
if you're hit by a power attack what's
great is that you also come with a
variety of new howling sound effects and
any nearby wolves will actually help
back at you which is a nice touch
the second ability is called revert form
and as the name suggests he'll give you
complete control over your
transformation this is under the control
key and again the ability uses
animations from Bethesda so it fits in
and looks great and finally the third
ability can be found under the Q key and
it's a new power jump skill this works
by making your next jump three times
more powerful and will also protect you
from fall damage until you safely land
however for balancing purposes it takes
30% of your stamina but it could still
lead to some interesting situations
especially during battle or for
maneuvering down mountains the last few
features of the mod are pretty simple
I could be toggled on or off in the mud
menu depending on whether you prefer
them in your game
the wolf kin Alliance feature will make
it so wolves and werewolves can be
friendly to the player even in human
form but of course you still need to
have the blood of a wolf
the re-equip a feature will remember
what equipped items and spells you had
and then whenever you revert back to
your human form it'll automatically
react whip everything so a little
immersion braking by handy nonetheless
in terms of compatibility you should be
able to use it alongside any other major
werewolf overall including those that
alter perks or add new mechanics if
you're interested in a much bigger
overhaul in the same line as this then
you'll probably want the full moonlight
tales all the offers other mod tales of
lycanthropy
so overall unless you're absolutely 100%
happy with a vanilla werewolf system
then you might as well have this money
installed the mud menu is fantastic and
comes with everything you need including
extra utilities to instantly turn your
character into a werewolf so if you're
interested in the mod then you find
everything you need down below and as
always be sure to live in endorsing any
mod you enjoy thanks for watching